feat:  enabling i18n feature for smaller screens (#3556)
asyncapi/website: ADDING_TRANSLATIONS.md

Reviewer: Please revert the changes related to `en` -> `english` here and in i18n config file since URLs should be having smaller prefix

Author: Okay I will do that!

  - Copy the existing `JSON` files present in the `en` folder. Change the values of those translation keys according to the new localization.

**2. Modify i18n configuration**
  - Navigate to the `next-i18next.config.js` file in the root of the project folder.
  - Add the name of the newly added `locale` to the `languages` array.

**3. Configure i18n routing**
After adding a new internationalized page, ensure it is being served on the website when someone visits.
  - Make sure to add the same `href` to the `utils/i18n.ts` in the respective locales supporting that `href`.

> If you have added the 'french' locale and translated the 'tools/cli' page, clicking 'Tools -> CLI' in the navigation menu will redirect the user to 'asyncapi.com/french/tools/cli'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have added the 'fr' locale and translated the 'tools/cli' page, clicking 'Tools -> CLI' in the navigation menu will redirect the user to 'asyncapi.com/fr/tools/cli'.
```

Author: Done

+  ┃ ┗ tools.json
```

- Change the `next-i18next.config.js` config.

`next-i18next.config.js`
```diff
module.exports = {
    i18n: {
-       languages: ["en", "de"],
+       languages: ["en", "de", "fr"],

>         defaultLanguage: "english",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        defaultLanguage: "en",
```

Author: Done
